mm you guys you've got to try the
chocolate chip it's really good today
hey you took the whole table that's the
best part
yeah uh you so owe me okay I wrote out
today's schedule
all right gadget girl what have you got
come on I had to we're slammed if we're
gonna be ready before the guys play the
beat to beat contest tonight so here's
the plan
manicures and pedicures for all of us
plus I'm on webcast set up
Chelsea's got the band's look Madison's
doing a run-through with River and no
Lee's skating and doing yoga what I can
totally spread the word about the show
while I'm doing it subject change hey
chow cool bracelet thing it's just
something I was fooling around with to
sell at the flea market but they're cool
so I'm making ones for us and the band
check it out
I'm waving something into each one that
kind of screams s like mines got this
cool deco e pattern cuz that's my new
thing or Ellis's will have a skateboard
ticket Alice man ancient cultures used
to use them to represent people and
channel good luck plus it'll look
totally hot on stage it better cuz the
luck part isn't working my mom's making
me hang out with my cousin Delancey
tonight tonight you can't there's no
time I know but she just moved here and
my mom promised I'd drag her around with
me I haven't even seen her since I was
five and now I have to bring her to the
beat to beat but chels this is supposed
to be our night I know it's totally
bites maybe I'll get lucky and she won't
call
hey chels don't look now but the guy
getting the buzz cuts totally checking
you out which one in the mirror ten
o'clock
whoo chels he's cute later hey I hope I
wasn't staring or anything but you're
one sec hello
oh hi Delancey no it's cool no really um
can I call you back
sure yeah meet me there uh-huh yeah it's
school uh-huh yeah okay bye huh where'd
it go
guess you didn't want to wait perfect I
haven't even met her and already my
cousin delancy's messing with my life
coming Hey Delancey yeah I figured come
on back so it's safe to say our moms are
freaks what do you mean
the twisted blind date like just because
we share DNA we're gonna be best friends
forever
cool room Thanks I like your streaks
Thanks so do you like it here you know
all my friends are 3,000 miles away
which kind of bites but it's cool Wow I
can't imagine moving away from all my
friends okay hello no biggie
I'll meet people we're here hey you must
be Delancey this is really cool chels
thanks Alex Delancey no way you guys
know each other we met in the park today
so did you shake your cousin uh not so
much I think you might know her Chelsea
Chelsea is your cousin yeah I guess that
means you guys will be seeing a lot more
of each other
still think our moms are freaks major
freaks I made you something I made these
for everyone the bracelet was something
woven in it that says them this one's
black now but I figure I can finish it
later when I get to know you
cool
and the next group to compete in the
beat to beat urban desire quick
everybody join hands positive energy
circle ready
[Applause]
[Music]